hi I'm just going through a phantom
upgrade on the battery so this battery
or hi burn upgraded yet so this is so
phantoms all powered on and I'm just
literally just going to test now just
going to run the update now so I'll
click on the new upgrade battery and out
saying download successfully now click
on upgrade
I sure do not do not unplug yes we go
and here we go so they go that's what
happens to like light changes when the
left starts flashing and as soon as it's
finished it's been a bit so that's what
happens when you apply the firmware
upgrade that's what the battery does
it's almost completed
so we've before you do is make sure you
download the latest software cyst which
is 3.8 I think it is to make sure you
have that loaded first before you do all
your upgrades on your phantom because
then it give you all the latest ones as
well so the red red bits flash now
saying it's going for a firm upgrade so
or my son halfway through
oh my stump
as you can see it stays constant on the
green in the middle
so hopefully this be successful and it
should go back to normal the new version
of sister software actually corrects the
issue with the old firmware where it
actually did damage to the battery so
make sure you're not on the latest
version so they go it's completed and
it's upgraded I'm just running we're
running the upgrade bit see what if all
the info software comes she'll come back
okay so now we need to do a putt power
e-cycle so push it back once twice and
hold and just powers off now we just
press it once should get an indication
on the battery how to fully charge it is
they go we go push push again hold all
right make sure what's completed okay
all looks good
I have a successful update and now the
software is actually saying to all the
latest versions and then we have it
complete update it
you